gh-134546: ensure remote pdb script is readable (#134552)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-05-22-18-14-13.gh-issue-134546.fjLVzK.rst

> Ensure :func:`pdb.attach` script is readable by remote Python process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure :mod:`pdb` remote debugging script is readable by remote Python process.
```

Looks like the function isn't documented, sorry!
